The goal of this project is to find at least three interesting results from the SMHI data.
The Data set consists of Essentialy these parameters: Time (in format year-month-day-hour:minute), Temperature, longitude, latitude, altitude.

The three main questions we are interested in from these measurements are:

1. How the annual average temperature in Uppsala changed since the industrial revolution in Sweden, approx 1880?

2. How does the length of winter, according to SMHI's metereological definition of winter, change with latitude?

3. Which is the hottest and coldest day most likely to occur in one of the locations in the data set, for example Lund?

We need to do the following:

	*Implement a script (Bash?) that can clean up the data, that is, given the current format, we need a script that can change it to the year, 
	the number of measurements that year (numbered by integers (1-365 for example)), and the temperatures. Discard bad data. If there is a lot (more than 50%) of bad data, use another dataset.

 
	*Make nice plots and fit functions using ROOT with the data loaded from the new data sets, cleaned for our purposes.
 
	*Write a report in latex.
 
	*Have a meeting on Wednesday 6/11 15.00, to discuss how things are going.


EXTRA NOTES:

We are in charge of one of the three questions each. Leo Zethraeus has number 1. Piotr Yartsev number 2, Xi-Zhen Liu of number 3. This might change during the course of the project, please write
in the Canvas group chat if there is someting you want to change/add/remove/discuss.

The data sets are not identical, and we might need to use different data sets for the different questions, so we might need to implement or own clean-up scripts, even though inspiration
 from others and help is useful. For example: The data set with daily-average temperatures in Uppsala might be more useful for comparison over many years, and there is only one measurement per day,
 which is not the case in some other data sets.

USEFUL TIPS:
According to SMHI the definition of when winter starts is when the daily average temperature has been below five days in a row, the first day is counted as the first day of winter.
Winter ends when the daily average temp. has been 0<T<10 degrees celsius for seven days in a row, the first of the days is the first day of Spring, i.e. the day after winter ends.
